[Flutter] Add additional documentation for GoRouter (#19294)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/flutter/advanced_configuration.md

MaterialApp.router(
  routerConfig: _router,
  // Your remaining setup
);
```

> If you are using `ShellRoutes`, you will need to supply a separate observer to each `ShellRoute` (see [this bug][11] for why).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `ShellRoutes`, you will need to supply a separate observer to each `ShellRoute` (see [this bug][11] for more information).
```

> If you are using `ShellRoute`s, you need to supply a separate observer to each `ShellRoute` (see [this bug][11] for more information).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are using ShellRoutes, you need to supply a separate observer to each `ShellRoute`, as shown below. See [this bug][11] for more information.
```
